# Data-Visualization-Project
CSE 578

XYZ Corporation uses data to develop marketing profiles on people. These profiles are then sold to numerous companies for marketing purposes. You work at XYZ as part of a team of data analysts that has just been given a new project working with UVW College, a local college looking to bolster enrollment. UVW has chosen a salary as a key demographic to determine criteria for marketing their degree programs. You must develop marketing profiles using data supplied by the United States Census Bureau, and you will be focusing on $50,000 as a key number for salary. There are many key variables that must be assessed for individuals making less than and more than $50,000, including age, gender, education status, marital status, occupation, etc.

For example, if data shows that the majority of individuals making less than $50,000 is under 34 years old, male, single, and has a high school diploma, the college can market to this demographic with tuition amounts, program concentrations and even ground or online programs appropriate to this demographic.

To achieve its enrollment target, the marketing team at UVW would like to develop an application to find the factors that determine the individual's income. One way to accomplish this is to use the United States Census Bureau data provided by the XYZ company. The marketing team wants to group the factors that can be used in the development of their proposed model/application. They also want the application to predict the income of an individual based on different values of the input parameters so that they can tailor their marketing efforts of reaching out the individuals.
